Update deb/rpm autorestart service after upgrade documentation (#6720)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/install-opensearch/rpm.md

 ```
 {% include copy.html %}

### Auto restart service after package upgrade

> At the moment, OpenSearch RPM package does not support automatically restart service after a package upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the OpenSearch RPM package does not support automatically restarting the service after a package upgrade.
```

> Currently, the OpenSearch RPM package does not support automatically restarting the service after a package upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OpenSearch RPM package does not currently support automatically restarting the service after a package upgrade.
```
